Azure Hybrid installation instructions (#2537)
astronomer/docs: astro/install-azure-hybrid.md

sidebar_custom_props: { icon: 'img/azure.png' }
toc_min_heading_level: 2
toc_max_heading_level: 2

> description: 'Instructions for completing an Astro installation on an existing Microsoft Azure instance. This is where you’ll find the prerequisites and the process you’ll need to follow to allow Astronomer support to provision your network resources.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: 'Learn how to install Astronomer Hybrid on your Microsoft Azure instance.'
```

To install Astro Hybrid on Azure, Astronomer will create an Astro cluster in a dedicated Azure account that's hosted and owned by your organization. This ensures that all data remains within your network and allows your organization to manage infrastructure billing.

> To complete the setup for the installation, you will:

Author: @jwitz I changed the sentence because the technically Users are not installing, they are just doing setup. WDYT ?

> To complete the setup for the installation, you will:

Reviewer: By the end of the doc, the setup is complete, and the doc is called "Install Astro Hybrid". I think the simplicity outweighs the slight inaccuracy

- Create an [Astronomer account](#access-astro).

> - Create a new Azure subscription with required [Azure resources](resource-reference-azure-hybrid.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create a new Azure subscription with the required [Azure resources](resource-reference-azure-hybrid.md).
```

> - Add the Astronomer service principal `astro-remote-mgmt` to your organization's Azure Active Directory (Azure AD).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add the `astro-remote-mgmt` service principal to your Azure AD directory.
```
Weirdly this is how Azure styles it, even though it technically means "Azure Active Directory directory" 😅 
![Screenshot 2023-07-19 at 11 24 20 AM](https://github.com/astronomer/docs/assets/74574233/221944f8-a54e-4aa2-aa24-5d3412fdc9c2)

Author: @jwitz so if they committed a mistake, should we ? 🤔 . Also I want to state that principal name is Astronomer's service principal.

Reviewer: I don't think it's a typo on their part, instead it's a choice. And our style guide dictates that we have to accept those decisions when they're not made by us. All good with adding Astronomer back in!

> - Assign an `Owner` role to Astronomer's service principal in the new subscription.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Assign an `Owner` role to the service principal.
```

Author: same comment as above.

Reviewer: Done!

> - Enable end-to-end encryption using `EncryptionAtHost` feature in the new subscription.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Enable end-to-end encryption using `EncryptionAtHost`.
```

When you've completed the setup process, Astronomer support creates an AKS cluster within your Azure subscription to host the resources and Apache Airflow components necessary to deploy DAGs and execute tasks. If you need more than one Astro cluster, contact [Astronomer support](https://cloud.astronomer.io/support).

## Prerequisites

- A new Azure subscription. For security reasons, Azure subscriptions with existing infrastructure aren't supported. Also, no [Azure policy](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/governance/policy/overview) should be applicable to the [Azure management group](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/governance/management-groups/overview) that the subscription is a part of. 

> - [Microsoft Azure CLI](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/install-azure-cli) or [Azure Az PowerShell module](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/azure/install-az-ps).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Microsoft Azure CLI](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/install-azure-cli) or the [Azure Az PowerShell module](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/azure/install-az-ps).
```

- A minimum quota of 48 Standard Ddv5-series vCPUs in the deployment region. You can use Dv5-series vCPUs, but you'll need 96 total vCPUs composed of 48 Ddv5-series vCPUs and 48 Dv5-series vCPUs. To adjust your quota limits up or down, see [Increase VM-family vCPU quotas](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-portal/supportability/per-vm-quota-requests).

- Confirmation that the VM types are available in all Availability Zones in the selected region. For example, you can run the following Azure Az PowerShell command to confirm that the Standard_D4d_v5 VMs (the default for Astro) are available in the Central US region: 

    ```  
    az vm list-skus --location centralus --size Standard_D --all --output table | grep -e 'Restrictions\|Standard_D4d_v5'
    ```  
  

>     If the VM types are unavailable, the output returns `Restrictions`. Please contact Microsoft Support to have these VMs enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If the VM types are unavailable, the output returns `Restrictions`. Contact Microsoft Support to enable these VMs.
```
Sorry if it seems rude, but I always cut "please" and "kindly" from documentation. They mean a lot when coming from a specific person, but not much from anonymous documentation!

- Your preferred Astro cluster name.
- Your Azure TenantID and SubscriptionID.
- Your preferred region. The default is `centralus`.

> - Optional. Your preferred node instance type. The default is Standard_D4d_v5.
> - Optional. Your preferred Postgres Flexible Server instance type. The default is Standard_D4ds_v4.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- (Optional) Your preferred node instance type. The default is Standard_D4d_v5.
- (Optional) Your preferred Postgres Flexible Server instance type. The default is Standard_D4ds_v4.
```

> - Optional. Your preferred maximum node count. The default is 20.
> - Optional. Your custom CIDR ranges for Astronomer service connections. The default is `172.20.0.0/19`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- (Optional) Your preferred maximum node count. The default is 20.
- (Optional) Your custom CIDR ranges for Astronomer service connections. The default is `172.20.0.0/19`.
```

See [Azure resource reference](resource-reference-azure-hybrid.md) for default and supported cluster configurations.

## Astronomer support creates the cluster

After you provide Astronomer support with the setup information for your cluster, Astronomer support creates the cluster on Azure. Wait for confirmation from Astronomer support that the cluster has been created before creating a Deployment.

## Create a Deployment and confirm the install

> When Astronomer support confirms that your Astro cluster has been created, you can confirm it in the [Cloud UI](https://cloud.astronomer.io) by clicking on the Astronomer icon in the top left corner, then click on **Clusters** to see your cluster. You can then [create a Deployment](create-first-DAG#step-1-create-a-deployment) and start to [develop and deploy your DAGs](create-first-DAG#step-2-create-an-astro-project).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When Astronomer support confirms that your Astro cluster has been created, you can confirm it in the [Cloud UI](https://cloud.astronomer.io) by clicking on the Astronomer icon in the top left corner, then click on **Clusters** to see your cluster. 
```
Realistically, is the admin going to "Write and run their first DAG" after this installation is complete? I think it's a lot more likely they will be adding users and configuring Workspaces.
